What: Update the WG README (#14)
ossf/ai-ml-security: README.md

* **Model inversion attacks**: These attacks involve using the output of an AI/ML model to infer information about the training data used to create the model. This can be used to steal sensitive information or create a copy of the original data set.
* **Poisoning attacks**: In these attacks, the attacker introduces malicious data into the training set used to train an AI/ML model. This can cause the model to make intentionally incorrect predictions or be biased towards desired outcomes.
* **Evasion attacks**: These attacks involve modifying the input data to an AI/ML model to evade detection or classification. Evasion attacks can target models used for image recognition, natural language processing, and other applications.
* **Data extraction attacks**: In these attacks, the attacker attempts to steal data or information from an AI/ML model by exploiting vulnerabilities in the model or its underlying infrastructure. This is sometimes termed as ‘jailbreaking’.

>  * **Point in time data sets**: Large Language Models often lack recent context, where models have a knowledge cutoff date. A good example can be seen here, where ChatGPT repeatedly recommends use of a deprecated library.

Reviewer: I think this is missing a link

* **Model integrity**: Developing mechanisms and tooling to provide secure software supply chain practices, assurances, provenance, and attestable metadata for models.

Anyone is welcome to join our open discussions.

## WG Leadership

### Co-Chairs:

Jay White - GitHub @camaleon2016

Mihai Maruseac - GitHub @mihaimaruseac

<!-- ## Vision -->

## How to Participate

- We have bi-weekly meetings via Zoom. To join, please see the [OpenSSF Public Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/r?cid=czYzdm9lZmhwNWk5cGZsdGI1cTY3bmdwZXNAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)
  - [2024 Meeting Notes for the AIML WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YNP-XJ9jpTjM6ekKOBgHH8-avAws2DVKeCpn858siiQ/edit)
- Informal chat is welcome on the [OpenSSF Slack channel #wg_ai_ml_security](https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C0587E513KR) (these disappear over time)
- Mailing list [openssf-wg-ai-ml-security](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-wg-ai-ml-security)

## Current Work

> We welcome contributions, suggestions and updates to our projects. To contribute to work on GitHub, please fill in an issue or create a pull request.

Reviewer: There is some work to clarify this, but I think we can merge this as it is and then clean up in the near future once clarification happens,.

  * Project: **Model Signing Specification Project**
    * Repository: https://github.com/sigstore/model-transparency
  * Mailing list: https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-sig-model-signing 
  * Slack: [#sig-model-signing](https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C074GBM5VL0) 
  * Drive: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1zCkQ_d98AMCTkCq00wuN0dFJ6SrRZzNh
  * Meeting information
    * [Meeting Link](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/99042564666?password=4f479771-1ddf-4345-b005-f11484c40c0d) (you must have a login to [LFX platform](https://lfx.linuxfoundation.org/) to use
    * Every other Wednesday 16:00 UTC Refer to the [OpenSSF calendar](https://openssf.org/getinvolved/)
    * [Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18oAsfhfKJurH-YTUFe520CAZS3lkORX1WnZmBv4Llkc/edit)

### Upcoming work

This WG is currently exploring establishment of an AI Vulnerability Disclosure SIG. Please refer to the group's meeting notes for more information.

## Related groups and activities

> AIML is a rapidly evolving space. Members of this Working are actively involved in other groups and efforts focused on a variety of aspects of AIML. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AI/ML is a rapidly evolving space. Members of this Working are actively involved in other groups and efforts focused on a variety of aspects of AI/ML. 
```
